<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
        <title>Battle Gaming Long Sword</title>
        <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../Styles/how-to-book-style.css"/>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Disclaimer</h1>

<p style='text-align:justify'>While the author has done his
best to provide accurate information and point out potential hazards, the sport
of battle gaming is chaotic and many factors influence safety.  It is up to the
user of this book to learn the necessary skills for safe battle game play and
to exercise caution in the application of materials found with the book. The
information is on an &quot;as is&quot; basis.  Anyone using this book does so
at his/her own risk and the author and publisher expressly disclaim any
liability for injury or other damage by anyone engaged in the sport of battle
gaming.  The author and publisher expressly disclaims any and all liability
relating to the manufacture, sale or use of such products discussed or
illustrated in this book. Because of the physical nature of battle gaming, you
may wish to consult a physician before engaging in the sport. </p>

Published by <br/>
<address>
Battle Game Sports and Hobbies, LLC<br/>
Fort Collins, Colorado<br/>
<a href="http://www.LiveActionBattelGaming.com">http://www.LiveActionBattelGaming.com</a><br/>
info&#64;LiveActionBattleGaming.com<br/>
</address>

<p>eBook Edition</p>

<p>Copyright © 2016 David W. Graham</p>

<p>Cataloging Information</p>

<p>Graham, David W., 1967-</p>

<p>How to Make a Battle Gaming Long Sword / David W. Graham</p>


<p>ISBN-13: 978-0-98448341-9<br/>
ISBN-10: 0-98448341-1</p>

<p>This book is published under the
Open Game License Version 1.0a.  All content within the body of this
publication is to be considered “Product Identity” unless otherwise noted
within the text.  All appendices of this publication are to be considered “Open
Game Content.” </p>

<p>A copy of the Open Game License Version 1.0a may be found at
the end of this publication.</p>

<p>Warrior Code™ is a trademark of Battle Game Sports and
Hobbies, LLC.</p>

<p>Dagorhir® is a registered trademark of Dagorhir Battle
Game Association, Inc.</p>

<p>Darkon® is a registered trademark of the Darkon Wargaming
Club, Inc.</p>

    </body>
</html>
