<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
        <title>Battle Gaming Long Sword</title>
        <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../Styles/how-to-book-style.css"/>
    </head>
    <body>
<h1>Rules</h1>

<p class="book-content">The project presented is for a
39-inch long sword. The long sword found here is constructed very similarly to
the short sword found in the book Battle Gaming: The New American Sport. In
this instruction set, you will learn the “box” method of constructing a punch
protector/rip resist. The box construction system has been around since the
mid 1990’s. It has proven to be very reliable at increasing the longevity of
the tip of the sword.</p>

<p class="book-content">Here is a quick summary of design
compliance with the major battle gaming systems. The finished project should,
if built correctly, be able to pass through weapons inspection.</p>

<p>Table 1: Rules Compliance of the Long Sword Project</p>

<div style="overflow-x:auto;">
<table class="book-table" cellpadding="5">
<tr class="table-header-row">
<th class="table-heading">Game System</th>
<th class="table-heading">Usage</th>
<th class="table-heading">Swinging</th>
<th class="table-heading">Thrusting</th>
</tr>
<tr>
<td class="table-label">Warrior Code</td>
<td class="table-cell">Handheld</td>
<td class="table-cell">Hacking (Blue)</td>
<td class="table-cell">Piercing (Green)</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td class="table-label">Amtgard</td>
<td class="table-cell">Handheld</td>
<td class="table-cell">1 Point</td>
<td class="table-cell">1 Point</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td class="table-label">Belegarth</td>
<td class="table-cell">Handheld</td>
<td class="table-cell">Class 1 (Blue)</td>
<td class="table-cell">Class 3 (Green)</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td class="table-label">Dagorhir</td>
<td class="table-cell">Handheld</td>
<td class="table-cell">Blue</td>
<td class="table-cell">Green</td>
</tr>
</table>
</div>

<p class="book-content">Remember that even if the
finished product conforms to the rules of any given battle gaming system, you
will still need to seek approval of the weapon from an appointed referee. The
referee will judge the weapon on not only its design, but also the quality of
construction. The most difficult part to get right will be the thrusting tip.
It must compress, without folding sideways. If the weapon is poorly crafted,
this may become a problem. In this case, some game systems will allow you to
use the weapon without thrusting. You will need to check with your local
referee.</p>

    </body>
</html>
