<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!--© 2010, 2017 David W. Graham, Open Game Content under OGL 1.0a-->
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <body>
        <section class="ogl-licensed-open-content;srd-topic;pwr-topic-weapon-haft-and-shaft-rules" id="pwr-topic-weapon-haft-and-shaft-rules">
<h1>Weapon Haft and Shaft Rules</h1>

<p><strong><a name="Minimum Haft Area"/>Minimum Haft Area</strong> – The area of a
handheld weapon that is not part of the hilt (pommel, grip, and guard) and is
not part of the weapon head (blade, bludgeon, sharp points) must be a padded
haft.</p>

<p><strong><a name="Maximum Hilt Length"/>Maximum Hilt Length</strong> – The maximum
length for a handheld weapon hilt including pommel, grip and guard is &#8531;
of the overall length of the weapon or 8 inches, whichever is greater.</p>

<p><strong><a name="Maximum Grip Length"/>Maximum Grip Length</strong> – The maximum
length of unpadded grip on a handheld weapon is limited to 30-inches.</p>

<p><strong><a name="Maximum Weapon Head Size"/>Maximum Weapon Head Size</strong> – A
weapon head is a combination of one or more blade, bludgeon, and sharp point
striking surfaces.  There is no maximum size limit to the construction of a
weapon head.</p>

<p><strong><a name="Strike Legal"/>Strike Legal</strong> – A weapon surface,
either striking or non-striking, is strike legal if it conforms to the minimum
striking surface padding requirements for the weapon’s classification.</p>

<p><strong><a name="Minimum Strike Legal Length"/>Minimum Strike Legal Length</strong> – For
all handheld weapons of classification small, short, long or reach, any padding
on the upper &#8532; of the weapon must be strike legal in the direction of
attacking swing.</p>

<p><strong><a name="Minimum Strike Legal Length for Great Weapons"/>Minimum Strike Legal Length for Great Weapons</strong> – For all handheld weapons of length classification great, any
padding on the upper &#8531; of the weapon must be strike legal in the
direction of swing. In addition, the center &#8531; of the weapon must meet
minimum non-striking surface padding requirement for the weapon’s mass
classification.</p>

<p><strong><a name="Suspended Blade"/>Suspended Blade</strong> – A weapon can
have a blade suspended off of the main core.  The blade must be well secured
such that it will not come loose.  The main core must be padded as a half to
the minimum non-striking surface requirements for the weapon’s classification. 
If the suspended blade contains a secondary core, the back of the suspended
blade must be padded to the minimum non-striking surface requirements for the
weapon’s classification.</p>

<p><strong><a name="Secondary Grip"/>Secondary Grip</strong> – Any handheld
weapon that has a single sided blade (single direction of swing), may have a
secondary grip on the upper two thirds of the weapon.  The maximum length of
the secondary grip is 6-inches.  The secondary grip must be encircled by foam
on the side that is the direction of swing. If the secondary grip is in a
strike legal portion of the weapon, the encircling padding must be the minimum
for a striking surface of the weapon’s classification.  If the secondary grip
is in a non-striking haft portion of the weapon, the encircling padding must be
the minimum for a striking surface of the weapon’s classification.  The
encircling layer of foam must be stiff enough that it will not bend aside when
the weapon strikes targets.</p>

<p><strong><a name="Spearhead Side Padding"/>Spearhead Side Padding</strong> – A
spearhead must be strike legal on the sides for the first 6 inches of length.</p>

<p><strong><a name="Spear Haft Padding"/>Spear Haft Padding</strong> – The upper
one third of all spears must minimum padding equal to a non-striking surface
for the weapons mass classification.</p>

<p><strong><a name="Maximum Spear Hilt"/>Maximum Spear Hilt</strong> – The maximum
size for a hilt on a spear is two thirds of the overall spear length.</p>
        </section>  
    </body>
</html>
