<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!--© 2010, 2017 David W. Graham, Open Game Content under OGL 1.0a-->
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <body>
        <section class="ogl-licensed-open-content;srd-topic;pwr-topic-weapon-pommel-rules" id="pwr-topic-weapon-pommel-rules">
<h1>Weapon Pommel Rules</h1>

<p><strong><a name="Minimum Pommel Width"/>Minimum Pommel Width</strong> – The end
off all weapon pommels must pass the Larger than an Eye Socket rule.</p>

<p><strong><a name="Minimum Pommel Base"/>Minimum Pommel Base</strong> – All pommels
must be mounted on a foam base that consists of a non-striking surface that
circles the core.  The foam base must be no less than 1-inch in length.</p>

<p><strong><a name="Minimum Pommel Padding for Light and Normal-Mass Weapons"/>Minimum Pommel Padding for Light and Normal-Mass Weapons</strong> – The minimum amount of closed cell foam required on
the end of a pommel for a light or normal-mass weapon is 1 inch.</p>

<p><strong><a name="Minimum Pommel Padding for Heavy-Mass Weapons"/>Minimum Pommel Padding for Heavy-Mass Weapons</strong> – The minimum amount of closed cell foam required on the end
of a pommel for a heavy-mass weapon is 1½ inches.</p>

<p><strong><a name="Minimum Pommel Side Padding"/>Minimum Pommel Side Padding</strong> – The
side of a weapon pommel must conform to the minimum non-striking surface
padding for the weapon’s classification.</p>

<p><strong><a name="Pommel Punch Protector"/>Pommel Punch Protector</strong> – The use
of a punch protector in a pommel is encouraged but optional.</p>

<p><strong><a name="Pommel Rip Resist"/>Pommel Rip Resist</strong> – The use of a
rip resistant layer in a pommel is encouraged but optional.</p>

<p><strong><a name="Minimum Spiked Pommel Padding"/>Minimum Spiked Pommel Padding</strong> –
The construction of a spiked pommel on a handheld weapon must conform to the
standards of a sharp point striking surface for the weapon’s classification.</p>

<p><strong><a name="Minimum Strike Legal Surface for Spiked Pommels"/>Minimum Strike Legal Surface for Spiked Pommels</strong> – Any non-twirling handheld weapon with a spiked pommel must
have a minimum of 6-inches of Strike Legal surface adjacent to the end of the
pommel.</p>

<p><strong><a name="Minimum Grip Padding for Spiked Pommel Weapons"/>Minimum Grip Padding for Spiked Pommel Weapons</strong> – Any weapon with a spiked pommel must have a minimum of &#8540;
inch of closed cell foam covering the grip of the weapon.</p>
        </section>  
    </body>
</html>