<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!--© 2010, 2017 David W. Graham, Open Game Content under OGL 1.0a-->
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <body>
        <section class="ogl-licensed-open-content;srd-topic;pwr-topic-weapon-sizing-rules" id="pwr-topic-weapon-sizing-rules">
<h1>Weapon Sizing Rules</h1>

<p><strong><a name="Larger Than An Eye Socket"/>Larger Than An Eye Socket</strong> – A
light-mass weapon is considered safe against an eye socket when it passes the
Two-Inch Hole Rule on all parts.  A normal-mass handheld weapon is considered
safe against an eye socket when it passes the Two-Inch Hole Rule on all parts. 
A heavy-mass handheld weapon is considered safe against an eye socket when it
passes the Two and One-Half Inch Hole Rule.  A missile weapon is considered
safe against an eye socket whet it passes the Two and One-Half Inch Hole Rule.</p>

<p><strong><a name="Two-Inch Hole Rule"/>Two-Inch Hole Rule</strong> – An item is
considered safe against an eye socket when it will not pass easily through a
2-inch diameter hole and will not protrude more than ½ inch through a 2-inch
diameter hole. </p>

<p><strong><a name="Two and One-Half Inch Hole Rule"/>Two and One-Half Inch Hole Rule</strong> –
An item is considered safe against the eye socket when it will not pass easily
through a 2½-inch diameter hole and will not protrude more than ½ inch through
a 2½-inch diameter hole. </p>

<p><strong><a name="Two and One-Half Inch Hole Rule"/>Two and a Half Inch Curvature Rule</strong> – In unhelmeted combat, the smallest weapon permitted on the battlefield is
a 2½-inch diameter sphere.  The rounded end of any weapon may not be tighter
than a 2½-inch diameter curve.</p>
        </section>  
    </body>
</html>