<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!--© 2010, 2017 David W. Graham, Open Game Content under OGL 1.0a-->
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <body>
        <section class="ogl-licensed-open-content;srd-topic;pwr-topic-weapon-blade-or-bludgeon-rules" id="pwr-topic-weapon-blade-or-bludgeon-rules">
<h1>Weapon Blade or Bludgeon Rules</h1>

<p><strong><a name="Minimum Padding Requirement for a Light-Mass Weapon Striking Surface"/>Minimum Padding Requirement for a Light-Mass Weapon Striking Surface</strong> – All striking surfaces on a light-mass
weapon must be padded to a minimum of 1 inch of closed cell foam.</p>

<p><strong><a name="Minimum Padding Requirement for a Normal-Mass Weapon Striking Surface"/>Minimum Padding Requirement for a Normal-Mass Weapon Striking Surface</strong> – All striking surfaces on a normal-mass
weapon must be padded to a minimum of 1 inch of closed cell foam.</p>

<p><strong><a name="Minimum Padding Requirement for a Heavy-Mass Weapon Striking Surface"/>Minimum Padding Requirement for a Heavy-Mass Weapon Striking Surface</strong> – All striking surfaces on a heavy-mass
weapon must be padded to a minimum of 1½ inch of closed cell foam.</p>

<p><strong><a name="Minimum Padding Requirement for a Light-Mass Weapon Non-striking Surface"/>Minimum Padding Requirement for a Light-Mass Weapon Non-striking Surface</strong> – All non-striking surfaces on a
light-mass weapon must be padded to a minimum of &#8540; inch of closed cell
foam.</p>

<p><strong><a name="Minimum Padding Requirement for a Normal-Mass Weapon Non-striking Surface"/>Minimum Padding Requirement for a Normal-Mass Weapon Non-striking Surface</strong> – All non-striking surfaces on a
normal-mass weapon must be padded to a minimum of ½ inch of closed cell foam.</p>

<p><strong><a name="Minimum Padding Requirement for a Heavy-Mass Weapon Non-striking Surface"/>Minimum Padding Requirement for a Heavy-Mass Weapon Non-striking Surface</strong> – All non-striking surfaces on a
heavy-mass weapon must be padded to a minimum of ¾ inch of closed cell foam.</p>

<p><strong><a name="Minimum Striking Surface Thickness"/>Minimum Striking Surface Thickness</strong> – The striking surface of all padded weapon blades and bludgeons must
be at least 1¼ inches in thickness.</p>

<p><strong><a name="Minimum Striking Surface Width for Light and Normal Mass Weapons"/>Minimum Striking Surface Width for Light and Normal Mass Weapons</strong> – The minimum width of all light and normal
mass blades and bludgeons shall be not less than 2½ inches.  The blade or
bludgeon must meet the minimum padding requirements for all striking surface. 
The end of the blade or bludgeon must conform to the Larger than an Eye Socket
rule.</p>

<p><strong><a name="Minimum Striking Surface Width for Heavy Mass Weapons"/>Minimum Striking Surface Width for Heavy Mass Weapons</strong> – The minimum width of all heavy mass blades and
bludgeons shall be not less than 3½ inches.  The blade or bludgeon must meet
the minimum padding requirements for all striking surface.  The end of the
blade or bludgeon must conform to the Larger than an Eye Socket rule.</p>

<p><strong><a name="Minimum Striking Surface Length"/>Minimum Striking Surface Length</strong> –
The minimum length of the striking surface of all blade and bludgeons is 6
inches.  The edge of all blades and bludgeons must conform to the Larger than
an Eye Socket rule.</p>

<p><strong><a name="Minimum Striking Surface Cross-Curvature"/>Minimum Striking Surface Cross-Curvature</strong> – The minimum curvature for a striking surface of a round blade
or bludgeon (omni-blade) is a 2½ inches diameter cylinder across the blade face
(thickness dimension).</p>

<p><strong><a name="Minimum Striking Surface Edge-Curvature"/>Minimum Striking Surface Edge-Curvature</strong> – The minimum curvature along the length of a striking surface
is a 2½-inch diameter circle.</p>

<p><strong><a name="Minimum Striking Surface Edge Angles"/>Minimum Striking Surface Edge Angles</strong> – The minimum angle formed by the foam of the weapon along the length of
a striking surface edge may be no less than 90-degrees (not sharper than 90
degrees).  All angles between 90 degrees and 135-degrees must be rounded or
have a ½-inch bevel cut at the center of the angle. Striking surface angles
that meet these requirements do not have to conform to the Larger than an Eye
Socket rule.</p>

<p><strong><a name="Beveled Blade Edges"/>Beveled Blade Edges</strong> – A weapon
blade may contain a beveled along the edge. The beveled edge must be
constructed of open cell foam.  It must be no sharper than 90 degrees and a
minimum 45 degrees from the directions of swing.</p>
        </section>  
    </body>
</html>