<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?>
<!--© 2010, 2017 David W. Graham, Open Game Content under OGL 1.0a-->
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <body>
    <section class="ogl-licensed-open-content;srd-topic;srd-topic-target-zone-classification" id="srd-topic-target-zone-classification">
    <h1>Target Zone Classification</h1>
      <p>The Warrior Code defines five basic target zones: head, arm, torso, leg and foot.  Each target zone is divided into one or more subzones.  The target zones and subzones are defined as:</p>
<h3>Head Zone</h3>
<p><strong>Face</strong> – This target subzone spans the area of the head from forehead (nominally starting at the hairline, or where the hair line might be expected, across the face to the where the underside of the jaw meets with the neck.  It also spans from the left ear (inclusive) across the face to the right ear (inclusive).</p>
<p><strong>Upper Head</strong> – This target subzone spans the area from the small of the neck up and over the top of the head to the forehead (nominally ending at the hairline, or where the hairline might be expected).  It also spans from the right ear (excluded) across the back of the head to the left ear (excluded).  This is the portion of the head upon which hair often grows.</p>
<p><strong>Neck </strong>– This is the entire neck spanning from top of the collarbones up to the base of the jaw in front and the small of the neck in back.</p>
<h3>Arm Zone</h3>
<p><strong>Underarm</strong> – This target subzone is the lower side of the upper arm from where it joins with the body to halfway down the upper arm.  This target subzone only exists on the lower inside of the arm and does not include the front or outer part of the arm.</p>
<p><strong>Main Arm</strong> – This target subzone consists of most of the arm and starts at the shoulder and extends down to the wrist.  It does not include the underarm area described above.</p>
<p><strong>Open Hand</strong> – This target subzone includes front and back of hand up to the wrist.  A hand is only considered an open hand target subzone if it is not holding a legal weapon or shield.</p>
<h3>Hand Zone</h3>
<p><strong>Hand on Weapon</strong> – This target subzone includes front and back of hand up to the wrist.  A hand is only considered a hand on weapon target subzone if is holding a legal weapon or shield.</p>
<h3>Torso Zone</h3>
<p><strong>Torso</strong> – The torso is the main trunk of the body.  This target subzone stretches from shoulder to shoulder. It extends from the base of the neck to the small of the back and groin.</p>
<p><strong>Buttocks </strong>– The buttocks subzone includes the buttocks.   This is subzone extends from the small of the back down to the point where men's briefs or women's bikini would normally meet the leg. </p>
<h3>Leg Zone</h3>
<p><strong>Inner Leg</strong> – The inner leg subzone is the portion of the inside leg adjacent to the groin from the torso halfway down to the knee. </p>
<p><strong>Upper Leg</strong> – The upper leg subzone extends from the bottom of the buttocks down to the top of the knee.  It does not include the kneecap or sides of the knee but includes the back of the thigh down to the crease behind the knee.  It does not include the inner leg strike zone area.</p>
<p><strong>Lower Leg</strong> – The lower leg subzone extends from the top of the knee on the front or the crease behind the knee in the back down to the ankle.</p>
<p><strong>Foot in Air</strong> –This target subzone is the entire foot below the ankle when it is off the ground.</p>
<h3>Foot Zone</h3><p><strong>Foot on Ground</strong> –This target subzone is the entire foot below the ankle when the foot is on a supporting surface.</p>
    </section>
  </body>
</html>
