<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?>
<!--© 2010, 2017 David W. Graham, Open Game Content under OGL 1.0a-->
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <body>
    <section class="ogl-licensed-open-content;srd-topic;srd-topic-striking-rules" id="srd-topic-striking-rules">
    <h1>Striking Rules</h1>
      <p><strong>Clean Strike</strong> – A strike in which an approved striking surface collides with a target zone and results in the weapon stopping, or in the case of projectile weapons, the projectile bounces off on a different vector. A clean strike results in a tag on the target zone.</p>
<p><strong>Draw Cut</strong> – A draw cut is a strike with a bladed handheld weapon where a sharp edge striking surface is slid across a target zone. A draw cut does not result in a tag unless it has been voluntarily acknowledged by the recipient.</p>
<p><strong>Shot in Motion</strong> – If players are fighting and the first player tags the second player while the second player is performing a shot on a third player (or the first player). In the case where either:</p>
<p>(a) the second player received a death wound, or </p>
<p>(b) one or both arms of the second player delivering the second player's shot have received light or mortal wounds.</p>
<p> The shot thrown by the second player will still cause a tag if:</p>
<p>(1) the shot thrown does not change direction, and</p>
<p>(2) the strike contact occurs within one second of the tag performed by the first player, and</p>
<p>(3) the strike qualifies as a clean strike.</p>
<p><strong>Late Shot</strong> – A shot thrown under the conditions described in parts (a) and (b) of the Shot in Motion rule, but fails to meet conditions (1) or (2) or (3) is called a late shot. Late shots do not result in a tag.</p>
<p><strong>Touch Thrust</strong> – All thrusting attacks delivered with a mock sharp point need only touch the opponent’s target zone in order to count as a tag.</p>
<p><strong>Striking Too Hard<a name="StrikingTooHard"/></strong> – Any strike that leaves bruises or causes injury or undue pain has been delivered with too much force. Players must either control the power of their strikes or improve the safety of their <br/>equipment. Referees are obligated to enforce at least one of these options.</p>
<p><strong>Noticeable</strong> <strong>Contact</strong> – Noticeable contact is the lower limit for strike power. It is recognized that at some point a player cannot adequately recognize strike contact. All strikes that are noticeable by players are expected to be acknowledged as tags.</p>
<p><strong>Striking Multiple Targets</strong> – If more than one target zone is contacted in a single shot, any and all target zone that receives a clean strike receives damage.</p>
<p><strong>Friendly Fire</strong> – Players are expected to acknowledge any tag from a valid shot, even if that shot was thrown by a teammate, army member, or other allied player.</p>
<p><strong>Catching a Striking Surface</strong> – If a player intentionally catches or swats a striking surface with part of the body, the appropriate target area takes damage.</p><p><strong>Weapons are not Shields</strong> – If a player performs a static block by lying or strapping a handheld weapon on top of a target zone or shield, and the weapon is struck by a shot, the shot is considered to have contacted the underlying target zone or shield which is subject to all the rules for tagging or shield damage.</p>
    </section>
  </body>
</html>
