<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?>
<!--© 2010, 2017 David W. Graham, Open Game Content under OGL 1.0a-->
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <body>
    <section class="ogl-licensed-open-content;srd-topic;srd-topic-wound-rules" id="srd-topic-wound-rules">
    <h1>Wound Rules</h1>
      <p><strong>Mortal Wound Time To Live</strong> – Mortal wounds result in player death after 5 minutes if healing is not administered.</p>
<p><strong>Mortal Wound Fighting</strong> – After receiving a Mortal wound, a player can continue to fight but is subject to the wound restrictions.</p>
<p><strong>Either Leg Wound</strong> – When a player has suffered a wound to a leg zone, the player may choose to kneel on both legs.  The opponent is now unable to tell which leg is wounded and which is not.  When a player is rolling on the ground and has a wounded leg, the opponent is also unable to tell which leg is wounded and which is not.  In both case, when an opponent makes a clean strike at either leg, the player receives the appropriate wound as if it fell on the “good” leg.</p>
<p><strong>Severed Limb</strong> – The arm zone and the leg zone are considered severed when they pass zero (0) health points, resulting in a mortal wound.  Any additional damage from the same strike is absorbed by the severed limb, but since the limb is severed, the wound is still considered mortal and not a death wound. </p>
<p>If a previously severed arm (placed behind the back) is tagged in any part, the damage is considered to be placed upon the torso target zone.  </p>
<p>If a severed leg (with knee on ground) is tagged in any part, the damage is considered to be placed upon the foot on ground target zone.</p>
<p><strong>Pierced Limb</strong> – The arm zone and the leg zone are considered pierced when struck with a piercing weapon and the remaining health points are equal to or less than ½ point. The pierced limb takes a light wound.  Any additional piercing damage does not cause additional wounds to a lightly wounded pierced limb. Additional slashing damage will result in a Severed Limb.</p><p><strong>Broken Limb </strong>– The arm zone and the leg zone are considered broken when struck with a bludgeoning (black) weapon and the remaining health points are equal to or less than ½ point. The broken limb takes a light wound.  Any additional bludgeoning damage does not cause additional wounds to a lightly wounded broken limb. Additional slashing damage will result in a Severed Limb.</p>
<p> </p>
<p> </p>
<p> </p>
<p> </p>
    </section>
  </body>
</html>
