<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?>
<!--© 2010, 2017 David W. Graham, Open Game Content under OGL 1.0a-->
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <body>
    <section class="ogl-licensed-open-content;srd-topic;srd-topic-warrior-healer-player-class" id="srd-topic-warrior-healer-player-class">
    <h1>Warrior Healer Player Class</h1>
      <p>Name: Warrior Healer</p>
<p>Description: Those players who are designated as healers may perform a healing act upon another player</p>
<p>Base Class: Warrior Code Warrior</p>
<p>Clothing Required: A medieval-styled tunic with belt, earthtone pants and earthtone shoes.</p>
<p>Experience Required: All players wishing to play Warrior Healer must have had some experience playing Warrior and understanding the combat system.</p>
<p>Training Required: None</p>
<p>System of Advancement: None</p>
<p>Weapons Classes: All weapons with the exception of fired projectiles</p>
<p>Shield Classes:  Any</p>
<p>Armor Classes:  Any</p>
<p>Special Equipment Needed: Bandages (Some players like to add red stains to their bandages)</p>
<p>Standard Actions: Any Sport Action, Attack Action, or Defense Action.</p>
<p>Player Class Actions:</p>
<p>Light Historical Healing Act – A healer may tie a bandage around the wounded target zone of a player.  Doing so restores ½ a hit point (curing a light wound or making a mortal wound into a light wound) to the target zone affected on the player. Healer and player may move during this action. Only one bandage is permitted per target zone.</p>
<p>Historical Healing Act – A healer may tie a bandage around the wounded target zone of a player while stopped and counting to 30.  Doing so restores the target zone to base health points eliminating one light or mortal wound. Healer and player may not move during this action. Only one bandage is permitted per target zone.</p>
<p>Magical Healing Act – A healer touches a wounded target zone and must recite a poem of 180 syllables. Both the healer and the player being healed may not move during the process.  The healing restores the target zone to base health points eliminating one light or mortal wound.</p>
    </section>
  </body>
</html>
