<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?>
<!--© 2010, 2017 David W. Graham, Open Game Content under OGL 1.0a-->
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <body>
    <section class="ogl-licensed-open-content;srd-topic;srd-topic-relic-rules" id="srd-topic-relic-rules">
    <h1>Relic Rules</h1>
          <p><strong><a name="Weapon Normal"/>Weapon Normal</strong> – When applied to a handheld weapon, the weapon does hacking or bash-ing damage. Weapon Normal is a relic enhancement for handheld light class weapons and a curse when added to handheld heavy class weapons. The Weapon Normal power is demarcated with a tied band of blue flaggers ribbon with 3 inches of streaming tails.</p>
          <p><strong><a name="Weapon Heavy"/>Weapon Heavy</strong> – When applied to a handheld weapon, the weapon does cleaving or crushing damage.  Weapon Heavy is a relic enhancement for all light and normal handheld class weapons. The Weapon Heavy power is demarcated with a tied band of red flaggers ribbon with 3 inches of streaming tails.</p>
          <p><strong><a name="Weapon Double"/>Weapon Double</strong> Heavy – When applied to a handheld weapon, the weapon does 4 point damage (double crush or cleave).  Weapon Double Heavy is a relic enhancement for all handheld weapon classes.  The Weapon Double Heavy power is demarcated with two tied bands of red flaggers ribbon with 3 inches of streaming tails.</p>
          <p><strong><a name="Weapon Light"/>Weapon Light</strong> – When applied to a handheld weapon, the weapon does cut or bonk damage.  Weapon Light is a curse on all normal and heavy class handheld weapons. The Weapon Light power is demarcated with a tied band of purple flaggers ribbon with 3 inches of streaming tails.</p>
          <p><strong><a name="Wounds Kill"/>Wounds Kill</strong> – When applied to any weapon, wounds caused by this weapon are death wounds. The Wounds Kill power is demarcated with a tied band of yellow and black stripped flaggers ribbon with 3 inches of streaming tails.</p>
          <p><strong><a name="Penetration"/>Penetration </strong>– When applied to a piercing weapon (handheld puncture or missile projectile) it causes the weapon to penetrate all armor regardless of armor points or the number of hands on the weapon for a handheld strike. The Penetration power is demarcated with a tied band of orange and black stripped flaggers ribbon with 3 inches of streaming tails.</p>
          <p><strong><a name="Full Immunity"/>Full Immunity</strong> – When applied to a shield, it causes the shield to be immune to damage from all weapons and cannot be broken.  The Full Immunity power is demarcated with a tied band of yellow flaggers ribbon with a minimum of 3 inches of streaming tails visible from the front of the shield.</p>
    </section>
  </body>
</html>
