<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?>
<!--© 2010, 2017 David W. Graham, Open Game Content under OGL 1.0a-->
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <body>
    <section class="ogl-licensed-open-content;srd-topic;srd-topic-projectile-weapon-damage-classes" id="srd-topic-projectile-weapon-damage-classes">
    <h1>Projectile Weapon Damage Classes</h1>
          <p><strong><a name="pelting"/>pelting</strong> – A small projectile weapon of at least 4 inches in length and less than 12 inches in length that has been thrown may produce pelting damage. Pelting damage inflicts 0.1 damage point per successful contact.  The demarcation color for pelting damage is white.  Pelting damage is not cumulative.</p>
          <p><strong><a name="chucking"/>chucking</strong> – A projectile weapon greater than or equal to 12-inches in length and less than or equal to 24-inches in length that has been thrown may produce chucking damage.  A chucking weapon inflicts 1 damage point per successful contact of the weapon.  The demarcation color for chucking is pink.</p>
          <p><strong><a name="hurling"/>hurling</strong> – A thrown missile projectile of greater than 24 inches in length will produce hurling damage. A hurled weapon inflicts 2 damage point per successful contact of the sharp point.  The demarcation color for hurling damage is yellow.</p>
          <p><strong><a name="impacting"/>impacting</strong> – All bow fired or slung projectiles produce impacting damage. An impacting weapon inflicts 4 damage point per successful contact of the bludgeon surface or sharp point.  The demarcation color for impact damage is orange.</p>
          <p><strong><a name="clobbering"/>clobbering</strong> – A projectile weapon that has been siege fired may produce clobber damage. A clobbering weapon inflicts 8 damage point per successful contact of the blade edge, bludgeon surface, or sharp point.  The demarcation color for clobbering damage is two orange stripes over a white background.</p>
    </section>
  </body>
</html>
