<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?>
<!--© 2010, 2017 David W. Graham, Open Game Content under OGL 1.0a-->
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <body>
    <section class="ogl-licensed-open-content;srd-topic;srd-topic-optional-combat-rules" id="srd-topic-optional-combat-rules">
    <h1>Optional Combat Rules</h1>
          <p><strong><a name="Armor Stops all Cutting and Bonking Weapons"/>Armor Stops all Cutting and Bonking Weapons</strong> – All armor is immune to cutting (purple) and bonking (purple/black) handheld weapons, regardless of how many damage points the armor has absorbed.</p>
          <p><strong><a name="Armor Stops One Handed Punctures"/>Armor Stops One Handed Punctures</strong> – All armor is immune to single handed puncture (green) damage, regardless of how many damage points the armor has absorbed.</p>
          <p><strong><a name="Atomic Clock"/>Atomic Clock</strong> – A strike from a player never results in a tag if that player received a death wound prior to the strike; regardless of how close in time strike was to the death wound. A strike from a player never results in a tag when the arm throwing the strike is wounded prior to the strike; regardless of how close in time strike was to the arm wound.</p>
          <p><strong><a name="Aware Opponent"/>Aware Opponent</strong> – In hand-to-hand melee combat, an opponent must be aware of an attacker’s presence before an attack shot can be made. Awareness may be gained through a light weapon tap, light shield contact, a verbal warning, or other non-combative method to gain attention.</p>
          <p><strong><a name="Called Leg Wound"/>Called Leg Wound</strong> – When a player has suffered a mortal wound to a leg zone, the player may choose to kneel on both legs. If the player is struck in the wounded leg, he may call “wounded leg” and not take an additional wound. The opponent may ask which leg is the wounded leg and the player is obliged to respond and tell his opponent which leg is wounded and which is not.</p>
          <p><strong><a name="Four on One"/>Four on One</strong> – When not in a battle line engagement, there may be no more than four attackers against any one defender.</p>
          <p><strong><a name="Improved Targets"/>Improved Targets</strong> – The arm zone and the leg zone have a base of 1 ½ health points. The torso zone has a base of 1 health point.</p>
          <p><strong><a name="Magic Switch"/>Magic Switch</strong> – When a player's arm is wounded, the player may quickly pass the weapon to the non wounded arm before taking the wound.</p>
          <p><strong><a name="No Corkscrew"/>No Corkscrew</strong> – An attacker shall not rapidly circle an opponent who is down on a knee, forcing that opponent to spin on his knee.  The attacker shall not position herself such that the opponent down on a knee is looking up into the sun.</p>
          <p><strong><a name="One of Multiple Targets"/>One of Multiple Targets</strong> – If there is a strike to more than one target zone by a single shot, the victim is to choose the target zone that received more of the shot as the single target to take the damage.</p>
          <p><strong><a name="Push Thrust"/>Push Thrust</strong> – All thrusting attacks delivered with a mock sharp point must contact with sufficient force to push the opponent in order to count as a tag. Mock weapons used in this manner must conform to the push thrust safety requirements for the mock weapon technology in use.</p>
          <p><strong><a name="Same Leg Wound"/>Same Leg Wound</strong> – When a player suffers a second mortal wound on a leg  that already suffered a mortal wound, the player has now officially received a death wound.</p>
          <p><strong><a name="Short Clock"/>Short Clock</strong> – The time between blows for Shot in Motion is reduced to ½ second.</p>
          <p><strong><a name="Two Handed Punctures Do One Damage Point"/>Two Handed Punctures Do One Damage Point</strong> – When a puncture point of a weapon contacts with an opponent’s target zone, it delivers one point of damage regardless of how many hands a player has on the grip of the weapon.</p>
<p></p>
</section>
  </body>
</html>
