<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?>
<!--© 2010, 2017 David W. Graham, Open Game Content under OGL 1.0a-->
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <body>
    <section class="ogl-licensed-open-content;srd-topic;srd-topic-attacker-actions" id="srd-topic-attacker-actions">
    <h1>Attacker Actions</h1>
          <p><strong><a name="Foul Weapon or Shield"/>Foul Weapon or Shield</strong> – A player may use an ax head, hammer head, pick head, hinged weapon chain, or other weapon to trap or entangle an opponent's weapon or shield. If weapons are entangled, it is permissible to attempt to disarm the opponent.</p>
          <p><strong><a name="Shield Open"/>Shield Open</strong> – A player may use his shield to pry open another player’s shield.</p>
          <p><strong><a name="Weapon Grab"/>Weapon Grab</strong> – A player may grab and hold any weapon haft or shaft with her hands.  This grab does not include handle grips.  If a player wishes to grab a handle grip, she must declare an Open Handed Grapple action.  A player who grabs a striking area of a weapon suffers a wound.  Once grabbed, the player may attempt to wrest the weapon from the opponent. </p>
          <p><strong><a name="Shield Press"/>Shield Press</strong> – An attacker can use her shield to press against another player’s shield to push him back. The attacker must already be in close contact with the defender at the beginning of the press.  The press should be a continuous pressure and cannot be a sudden impact with the shield.</p>
          <p><strong><a name="Shield Check"/>Shield Check</strong> – On a grassy surface, clean leafy surface or on athletic mats, a player may attempt to use a shield to overbear any defender and push him to the ground.  The shield check action is limited to two steps leading up to the impact of the shield. Shield Check must be performed on the front or sides of a standing opponent, not the rear. The opponent must be aware of the attacker at the time of the Shield Check.</p>
          <p><strong><a name="Run-by Attack"/>Run-by Attack</strong> – A player is permitted to run or sprint across the field of battle and attack another individual as long as there is no attempt to knock down the defender.  The attacker must pass to either the left or the right of the defender while executing her attack.  When this action is performed by one group against another group, all members of the attacking group must pass between the members of the group of defenders. A player performing the Run-by Attack consents to possible collision, knock down, or Shield Check by defenders using Stop and Block or Form a Shield Wall actions.</p>
    </section>
  </body>
</html>
