<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?>
<!--© 2010, 2017 David W. Graham, Open Game Content under OGL 1.0a-->
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <body>
    <section class="ogl-licensed-open-content;srd-topic;srd-topic-wound-classification" id="srd-topic-wound-classification">
    <h1>Wound Classification</h1>
      <p><strong>Light Wounds</strong> – Light wounds occur when a target zone reaches ½ health point due to taking weapon damage.  When a target zone is lightly wounded, it cannot be used during further combat.  </p>
<p>If the leg target zone is lightly wounded, the leg must be locked at the knee and dragged (hopping is not permitted because it makes players too unstable) and the player may not run.</p>
<p>If the arm target zone is lightly wounded, the player must drop anything being carried in that arm and the arm.</p>
<p> </p>
<p><strong>Mortal Wounds</strong> – Mortal wounds occur when a target zone reaches zero (0) health points due to taking weapon’s damage.  When a target zone is mortally wounded, it cannot be used during further combat.  </p>
<p>If the leg target zone is mortally wounded, the player must go down to the knee of that leg.  The player can drag herself (hopping is not permitted because it makes players too unstable).  The player is permitted to walk when supported by another player (running is not permitted).  </p>
<p>If the arm target zone is mortally wounded, the player must immediately drop anything being carried in that arm and the arm must be placed behind the back.</p>
<p>If a player receives a mortal wound to the torso zone, he cannot run in combat until healed.</p>
<p> </p><p><strong>Death Wounds</strong> – Death wounds occur when a target zone drops below zero (0) health points due to taking weapon damage.  Limbs that become severed do not take death wounds. A player that receives two mortal wounds has suffered a single death wound.  When a player receives a death wound, he should fall to the ground.</p>
    </section>
  </body>
</html>
