<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?>
<!--© 2010, 2017 David W. Graham, Open Game Content under OGL 1.0a-->
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <body>
    <section class="ogl-licensed-open-content;srd-topic;srd-topic-shield-use-classes" id="srd-topic-shield-use-classes">
    <h1>Shield Use Classes</h1>
      <p><strong>wielded</strong> – A shield is considered wielded if and only if a shield handle is in the palm of a hand. Shields that are wielded provide all the protections offered by that shield.</p>
<p><strong>carried</strong> – A shield that a player is transporting but is not wielded.</p>
<p><strong>free standing</strong> – A portable shield erected in mid game as an independent barrier for players to hide behind. <br/> <br/>
        <strong>fixed</strong> – A fixed shield is one that does not move while in use.  All castle walls, ship gunnels, or building walls are considered fixed shields. A portable fixed shield can be erected in mid game as an independent barrier for players to hide behind. Fixed shields need not be padded but must not have any sharp protrusions.</p>
<p><strong>weapon attached</strong>  – A tiny or small shield may be attached to a weapon.  In such weapon shield combinations, the shield portion acts as a shield and the weapon portion acts as a weapon.  If either the weapon or the shield is destroyed in the game, the entire combined weapon-shield may not be used. Weapon attached shields can also be classified as wielded or carried and may be slung.</p>
    </section>
  </body>
</html>
