<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?>
<!--© 2010, 2017 David W. Graham, Open Game Content under OGL 1.0a-->
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <body>
    <section class="ogl-licensed-open-content;srd-topic;srd-topic-hill-giant-creature-class" id="srd-topic-hill-giant-creature-class">
    <h1>Hill Giant Game Creature Class</h1>
      <p>Name: Hill Giant</p>
<p>Description: A giant humanoid creature like those found in ancient legends of the Greeks and Romans.</p>
<p>Base Class: Warrior Code Human, Warrior Code Warrior</p>
<p>Clothing Required: Suggested: Large brown tunic.</p>
<p>Experience Required: As per base classes</p>
<p>Training Required: Referee validate player is familiar with creature abilities and limitations.</p>
<p>System of Advancement:  None</p>
<p>Target Zones Health Points: Arm: 3, Leg: 3, Torso: 2 ½</p>
<p>Weapons Classes: Any handheld long, reach or great weapon as well as thrown javelins</p>
<p>Shield Classes:  Medium to Huge</p>
<p>Armor Classes:  Up to Heavy</p>
<p>Special Equipment Needed: Tan headband containing a white circle with the letter "G" written in black at the center.</p>
<p>Standard Actions: Any Sport Action, Attack Action, or Defense Action<br/>Creature Class Actions:</p>
<p>Tower Over Others – Any player within 30 feet of the giant must go down upon his knees.  This simulates the large size of the giant and does not imply any leg wounds.</p>
<p>Inflict Heavy Damage – All hacking and bashing weapons used by the giant have the relic power Weapon Heavy. All cleaving and crushing weapons used by the giant have the relic power Weapon Double Heavy.</p>
    </section>
  </body>
</html>
