<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?>
<!--© 2010, 2017 David W. Graham, Open Game Content under OGL 1.0a-->
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <body>
    <section class="ogl-licensed-open-content;srd-topic;srd-topic-shield-rules" id="srd-topic-shield-rules">
    <h1>Shield Rules</h1>
      <p>
        <a name="Destroyed Shield"/>
        <strong>Destroyed Shield</strong> – A shield that has been reduced to zero shield points.  It will remain destroyed until the next reset point (the start of another game or an act of regeneration). The shield can no longer be wielded and must be dropped.  Any additional damage received by a shield after it has been destroyed transfers to the arm wielding the shield.</p>
          <p><strong><a name="Shield Immunities"/>Shield  Immunities</strong> – Shields are immune to damage from the following damage classes: cutting, hacking, bonking, bashing, puncturing, pelting, chucking, hurling, and impacting.</p>
          <p><strong><a name="Maximum Shield Height"/>Maximum Shield Height</strong> – The maximum height for a wielded shield is limited by the height of the wielding player. The shield should not exceed in height the distance between the wielding players ankles and shoulders. </p>
          <p><strong><a name="Maximum Shield Width"/>Maximum Shield Width</strong> – The maximum width for a wielded shield is 38 inches.</p>
          <p><strong><a name="Slung Shields"/>Slung Shields</strong> – A player may carry a single slung shield. The shield will provide all the protections of a shield.  The slung shield may not cover more than two adjacent sides of the player’s body.</p>
          <p><strong><a name="Negated Shield"/>Negated Shield</strong> – All shields a player has are considered negated when that player is transporting two or more shields. A slung shield is also negated if it covers more than two adjacent sides of the player’s body. A shield that is negated is considered costuming or garb and offers the player no protection.</p>
          <p><strong><a name="Standing Shield Damage"/>Standing Shield Damage</strong> - Damage in excess of the shield points is assumed to transfer to the torso of any and all players crouched within 2 feet behind a free standing or fixed shield.</p>
          <p><strong><a name="Unattended Shield"/>Unattended Shield</strong> - An unaccompanied shield found on the battlefield is considered a free standing shield (even if not standing up) and is susceptible to becoming destroyed through appropriate weapon damage.</p>
    </section>
  </body>
</html>
