<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?>
<!--© 2010, 2017 David W. Graham, Open Game Content under OGL 1.0a-->
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <body>
    <section class="ogl-licensed-open-content;srd-topic;srd-topic-weapon-part-definitions" id="srd-topic-weapon-part-definitions">
    <h1>Weapon Part Definitions</h1>
          <p><strong><a name="striking surface"/>striking surface</strong> –The portion of any mock weapon that is used to score damage points and wounds in combat.</p>
          <p><strong><a name="non-striking surface"/>non-striking surface</strong> –The portion of any mock weapon that does not normally strike other players.  It will not score damage points and wounds in combat.</p>
          <p><strong><a name="blade"/>blade</strong> – The portion of a slashing-type weapon that strikes the opponent. Cut (purple), hack (blue), and cleave (red) weapons all have blades. </p>
          <p><strong><a name="blade edge"/>blade edge</strong> – Represents the sharpened edge that a blade would have.  A blade edge is a striking surface.</p>
          <p><strong><a name="blade flat"/>blade flat</strong> – The broad sides of a blade. A blade flat is a non-striking surface.</p>
          <p><strong><a name="blade back"/>blade back</strong> – Represents an unsharpened edge found on the back of some blades. A blade back is a non-striking surface. In cases where the striking with a blade back may cause safety issues, demark the blade back surface with a strip of silver duct tape.</p>
          <p><strong><a name="bludgeon"/>bludgeon</strong> – A portion of a weapon that may be used like a club to strike another player.  A bludgeon is a striking surface.</p>
          <p><strong><a name="physical point"/>physical point</strong> – The pointed end of a handheld mock weapon.</p>
          <p><strong><a name="sharp point"/>sharp point</strong> –  A physical point that can be used to inflict puncturing (green) damage to an opponent. It's also the end of any projectile weapon that is built with a shaft. A sharp point is a striking surface.</p>
          <p><strong><a name="blunted point"/>blunted point</strong> – The physical point that cannot be used for puncturing (green) attacks.  A blunted point is a non-striking surface.</p>
          <p><strong><a name="handle"/>handle</strong> – All portions of a handheld weapon that does not include the blade(s) or physical point(s).</p>
          <p><strong><a name="haft"/>haft</strong> – The portion of a handheld mock weapon upon which blades and physical points may be mounted but not used to hold the weapon.  On a real weapon, it is the portion of the handle that is rarely gripped when swinging or thrusting with the weapon. A haft is a non-striking surface. </p>
          <p><strong><a name="hilt"/>hilt </strong>– The portion of a mock weapon handle that is not the haft and consists of the guard, grip and pommel.</p>
          <p><strong><a name="grip"/>grip</strong> – The portion of a mock weapon that is normally held while the weapon is in use.  A grip is a non-striking surface.</p>
          <p><strong><a name="guard"/>guard</strong> – A portion of the mock weapon that protects the hands on the grip from receiving a weapon strike. A guard is a non-striking surface.</p>
          <p><strong><a name="lanyard"/>lanyard </strong>– A loop of strapping that is connected to the hilt of a weapon and worn around the wrist for the purpose of preventing the weapon from becoming lost when dropped.</p>
          <p><strong><a name="pommel"/>pommel </strong>– The end of a mock weapon handle that is opposite the blade.</p>
          <p><strong><a name="normal pommel"/>normal pommel</strong> – A pommel that is not designed for striking. A normal pommel is a non-striking surface.</p>
          <p><strong><a name="spiked pommel"/>spiked pommel</strong> – A pommel that can be used to inflict puncture (green) damage to an opponent. A spiked pommel is a striking surface.</p>
          <p><strong><a name="shaft"/>shaft</strong> – The body of a linear projectile such as an arrow, bolt, or javelin. A shaft is a non-striking surface.</p><p><strong>
          <a name="hinge"/>hinge</strong> – A point where the weapon bends or folds under normal use. Weapon hinges are limited to those that will not trap an arm, leg, or neck. A hinge is a non-striking surface.</p>
    </section>
  </body>
</html>
